add Large number of participants section to Fast DDS page. (#6636)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Advanced/Discovery-Server/Discovery-Server.rst

    Once two endpoints (ROS nodes) have discovered each other, they do not need the discovery server network between them to listen to each other's messages.

Large number of participants
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When running more than 100 DDS participants on a single host (e.g., launching more than 100 ROS 2 nodes simultaneously), participants may fail to discover each other and become unresponsive.

Reviewer: Shall we talk about processes instead of nodes?

Reviewer 2: Yes. A ROS2 node does not correspond to a participant.  
`process` or `ROS 2 context` can be used.

Author: yeah that is good catch. precisely it should be ROS 2 context though.

Author: fixed in https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/pull/6636/commits/8645ed9851fdf4eec53cfca741b4b23a2e68bdae

.. code-block:: xml

    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
    <dds xmlns="http://www.eprosima.com">
        <profiles>
            <participant profile_name="participant_profile" is_default_profile="true">
                <rtps>
                    <builtin>
                        <mutation_tries>1000</mutation_tries>
                    </builtin>
                </rtps>
            </participant>
        </profiles>
    </dds>

Save this file (e.g. as ``large_scale_configuration.xml``) and set the environment variable before launching your nodes:

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Linux

        .. code-block:: console

            $ export FASTDDS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE=large_scale_configuration.xml

    .. group-tab:: Windows

        .. code-block:: console

            $ set FASTDDS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE=large_scale_configuration.xml

.. note::

    The ``mutation_tries`` value should be set to at least the number of participants you intend to run on a single host.
    Increasing it beyond what is needed has no negative side effects.

>     This configuration must be applied to **all** participants in the system, including the discovery server itself.

Reviewer 3: The discovery server does not use the `FASTDDS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE` environment variable, so we might want to include an example of how to provide this XML file to the discovery server via the command line arguments.

Reviewer: The discovery server should not need this, since you already need to specify the unicast port it uses.

Author: yeah, the configuration should be applied to all the clients, and that is what we do.

.. code-block:: xml

    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
    <dds xmlns="http://www.eprosima.com">
        <profiles>
            <participant profile_name="participant_profile" is_default_profile="true">
                <rtps>
                    <builtin>
                        <mutation_tries>1000</mutation_tries>
                    </builtin>
                </rtps>
            </participant>
        </profiles>
    </dds>

Save this file (e.g. as ``large_scale_configuration.xml``) and set the environment variable before launching your nodes:

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Linux

        .. code-block:: console

            $ export FASTDDS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE=large_scale_configuration.xml

    .. group-tab:: Windows

        .. code-block:: console

            $ set FASTDDS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE=large_scale_configuration.xml

.. note::

    The ``mutation_tries`` value should be set to at least the number of participants you intend to run on a single host.
    Increasing it beyond what is needed has no negative side effects.

>     This configuration must be applied to **all** participants in the system, including the discovery server itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This configuration must be applied to **all** participants in the system, except the discovery server, for which a specific unicast port is already configured at launch.
```

Reviewer: @fujitatomoya Sorry I am late with this comment

Author: sorry that happens, if you want to add it, i am happy to review!

Reviewer: @fujitatomoya https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/pull/6673
